housekeeper_dataCenter 数据中心 10001 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-shuju@3x.png http://eye.itianluo.cn/#/login
housekeeper_repair 报修 1 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-baoxiu@3x.png
housekeeper_postThing 报事 2 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-baoxiu@3x.png
housekeeper_complaint 投诉 3 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-tousu@3x.png
housekeeper_praise 表扬 4 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-biaoyang@3x.png
housekeeper_consulting 咨询 5 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-zixun@3x.png
housekeeper_transformWork 倒班 6 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-gangweitiaozheng@3x.png
housekeeper_staffInfo 员工信息 7 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-yuangong@3x.png
housekeeper_propertyCharge 物业收费 8 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-wuyeshoufei@3x.png
housekeeper_otherCharge 其他收费 9 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-qitashoufei@3x.png
housekeeper_energyReading 能耗抄表 10 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-nenghao@3x.png
housekeeper_accessManage 出入管理 11 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-churu@3x.png
housekeeper_express 快递 12 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-kuaidi@3x.png
housekeeper_household 住户情况 13 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-zhuhu@3x.png
housekeeper_taskCenter 任务中心 14 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-zhuhu@3x.png
housekeeper_patrolLog 巡更记录 15 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-xungeng@3x.png
housekeeper_samplingLog 抽检记录 16 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-choujian@3x.png
housekeeper_launchApproval 发起审批 17 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-choujian@3x.png
housekeeper_bonusPoint 加分扣分 18 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-jiafen@3x.png
housekeeper_summaryPlan 总结计划 19 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-zongjie@3x.png
housekeeper_draftBox 草稿箱 20 http://oda3qkbe9.bkt.clouddn.com/icon-caogao@3x.png
